all right it's gonna be my last game
with Radek amount of time to play out
fortunately so uh let's see how I do the
final game aren't you afraid so I'm
crazy ups and downs even when i'm using
massive strategy and i'm out playing
everyone i still don't win it's so crazy
game so fucking random that's like I
said it's fun it's a party game that's
what this is this is not a competitive
game this is a party game a party game
with some competitive elements but not
meant to you know it cannot be played a
high level sorry I'll fight him again
fish
any day now any day now what the fuck
video uh thank you holy shit how great
my yeah ready
so I was trying to dodge
oh you got a random punch in my face I
can't hit him no matter what if I punch
left or right if I punch right there
left so fucking random see I go to
Fletcher Oh looks to the left o.o who's
right ok I really hate right so banana
are you kidding me yes this level to
supers is insanely slow and he can't
catch anybody
chance
oh wow nothing to do so many times
fuck whom I can't get any kills nope no
kills for co-op
in any hits
in school
Wow can get any hits again
jump jump I wanted to jump Russia now
you get some fucking double kill wild it
no more monkey around 50 true oh I just
didn't want that and he fucking does it
anyway whatever I wanted to jump fucking
stupid stunt launch
I lost this yeah horrible
three two started damn matter oh oh my
god really
a super fucking sucks
banana peels of the hell 10 seconds left
but wow dude I can't get anyone haha
that was luck that was luck well
whatever they get the whole game pretty
much Islam doesn't matter how will you
play during the match you can lose
miserably because of fucking bullshit
and luck and overpowered nonsense but
that was a good move bites my high
hockey when he doubles stun this bolt
and it did the super because I didn't
know you could do that you should just a
little thats tongue punch into the super
that's awesome i didn't know that but uh
alright so that's it for addict another
character that you know he has really
good strategy you can use and you just
lose anyway